docs: windows compatibility clarification (#500)
matter-labs/foundry-zksync: README.md

- **Contract Verification**: Currently contract verification via the `--verify` flag do not work as expected but will be added shortly.  
- **Specific Foundry Features**: Currently features such as `--gas-report`, `--coverage` may not work as intended. We are actively working on providing support for these feature types.
- **Solc Compatibility**: `zksolc` requires a `solc` binary to be run as a child process. The version/path to use for each can be specified by the `zksolc` and `solc` options in `foundry.toml`. Not all `solc` versions are supported by all `zksolc` versions, compiling with a `solc` version higher than the one supported may lead to unexpected errors. [Read the docs](https://docs.zksync.io/zk-stack/components/compiler/toolchain/solidity.html#limitations) about version limitations and check the [zksolc changelog](https://github.com/matter-labs/era-compiler-solidity/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md) to see the latest supported `solc` version.

> - **Windows Compatibility**: Windows is not officially supported yet. However, we will be adding support for Windows soon and will assist with reported issues as possible. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Windows Compatibility**: Windows is not officially supported yet. The reported issues would be investigated on a best-effort basis. 
```
